2018.3:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 15)
 * Feature Enhancement: Added support for AXI Master and LMB extended address
 * Feature Enhancement: Automatically set debug interface from connected processors
 * Feature Enhancement: Allow serial debug interface with no BSCAN

2018.2:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 14)
 * General: Improve clocking for Xilinx Virtual Cable (XVC) debug connection

2018.1:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 13)
 * General: Add waivers to suppress reported invalid CDC violations

2017.4:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 12)
 * Bug Fix: Do not inactivate "Enable Cross Trigger" and "External Trace" when MDM is instantiated
 * Feature Enhancement: Ensure that the MDM always responds to accesses on the AXI slave interface
 * Feature Enhancement: Provide parameter to set external trigger reset value
 * Feature Enhancement: Add alternate external trace protocol

2017.3:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 11)
 * Feature Enhancement: Added option to set parallel debug interface to AXI
 * Feature Enhancement: Support Xilinx Virtual Cable (XVC) debug connection

2017.2:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 10)
 * General: Provide parameter to select asynchronous reset for AXI Stream external trace

2017.1:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 9)
 * Bug Fix: Corrected step into behavior on UltraScale+
 * Bug Fix: Added BSCAN timing constraint to ensure MicroBlaze is detected on UltraScale+
 * Feature Enhancement: Allow setting data width for AXI-Stream external trace
 * Feature Enhancement: Provide parameter to control instantiation of primitives
 * Feature Enhancement: Support parallel debug interface via BSCAN when debug register access from AXI is not enabled

2016.4:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 8)
 * General: Modify HDL to avoid tool warnings, no functional changes

2016.3:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 7)
 * Port Change: Added parallel debug access signals
 * Feature Enhancement: Provide parallel synchronous debug access
 * Feature Enhancement: Added additional AXI bus interface properties
 * Feature Enhancement: Defined bus interface for external BSCAN signals
 * Feature Enhancement: Option to disable BSCAN when using debug register access from AXI
 * Other: Source HDL files are concatenated into a single file to speed up synthesis and simulation. No changes required by the user
 * Other: Added wrappers for unisim FPGA primitives

2016.2:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 6)
 * Provided register information for all registers, including description and bit field definitions
 * Added AXI bus master interface property HAS_BURST
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2016.1:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 5)
 * Avoid upgrade warnings
 * Added parameter enablement expressions for user parameters

2015.4.2:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 4)
 * No changes

2015.4.1:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 4)
 * No changes

2015.4:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 4)
 * No changes

2015.3:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 4)
 * Supported devices and production status are now determined automatically, to simplify support for future devices
 * Improved performance for debug access to LMB
 * IP revision number added to HDL module, library, and include file names, to support designs with both locked and upgraded IP instances
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2015.2.1:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 3)
 * No changes

2015.2:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 3)
 * Added constraints for BSCAN output signals

2015.1:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 2)
 * Added support for additional Ultrascale devices
 * Enabled out-of-context clock frequency setting by adding FREQ_HZ parameter to clock interface

2014.4.1:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 1)
 * No changes

2014.4:
 * Version 3.2 (Rev. 1)
 * Improvements of reset handling, no functional changes

2014.3:
 * Version 3.2
 * Added support for external trace
 * Updated subcore references, no functional changes

2014.2:
 * Version 3.1 (Rev. 1)
 * Removed revision control tags from source code comments, no functional changes

2014.1:
 * Version 3.1
 * Added support for debug register access from AXI
 * Added support for AXI memory access from debug
 * Added cross trigger support
 * Internal device family name change, no functional changes

2013.4:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 3)
 * Added XDC constraints for DRCK and UPDATE internal clocks

2013.3:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Reduced warnings in simulation
 * Support for Automotive Artix-7, Automotive Zynq, Defense Grade Artix-7, and Defense Grade Zynq devices at Production status

2013.2:
 * Version 3.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Repackaged to improve internal automation, no functional changes

2013.1:
 * Version 3.0
 * Vivado-only core, with no functional changes from version 2.10.a
 * There have been no functional or interface changes to this IP.  The version number has changed to support unique versioning in Vivado starting with 2013.1.

2012.4:
 * Version 2.10.a
 * No changes

2012.3:
 * Version 2.10.a
 * No changes

2012.2:
 * Version 2.10.a
 * Native Vivado release
 * Support for up to 32 processors
 * External BSCAN input port
 * Added C_USE_BSCAN parameter to select internal, icon or external BSCAN

(c) Copyright 2002 - 2018 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
